Recent-games.html is showing cancelled games. I tried to repair it on main branch, by adding few filters and updated SQL accordingly, along with few fields updates specifically for cancelled games.
I did not understand why recent-games.html is referring email_sys.py backend functions. Even it need a backend function that should be different from the file where we handle payment notifications and corporate approval emails. Let us seperate all backend functions into different files, and use them appropriatly. I dont want accidentally edit non-relevant functions, otherwise we would be ended with recursion test everytime. For now, we edited functions for recent-games, I am not sure, if payment gateway, or approval system is also affected. Please validate.
My expectation on recent_games.html page is just show the summary of the games played and their status. No need of any backend processing. The admin can see all the games played and their status, and if there is any game that need attention, admin can take action accordingly. Admin can simply set a table field value for the game just like UPDATE public."MPT_games" SET is_publicly_visible = FALSE WHERE invite_code IN ('6DDDAF', '1922DD', '5E1E5B');
Recent-games.html currently selected tab is ALL.  So all 5 player games are pushing 100+ big events below, which is crucial for revenue. At the same time we may not have frequent 100+ games, hence dont want to show old dated games.  Create a static tab with TEXT, explaing what is expected in this page, and what features each of the game has. It can be our SEO page, and people can navigate to their interested game tab. The top card has total games played which is enough.
I was working with chatgpt for those corrections, and I told the agent to work only recent-games.html file and push it to main branch, but what I noticed is, it pushed all files from memory-bingo branch (or I merged all of them accidentally). Find out if anything else is left over and merge fully and delete other branches if not required.
Currently sam build and deploy are offline activities. Let us give that task also to git webhook, so one push completes everything. No need to remember if a sam build is required seperatly. Ensure lambda build fire only if backend changes are detected.